Brandon
Downham Market
52978

A loosener: The Brecks and the Fens
This is an easy stage with few inclines.  There are some short sections on main roads used by heavy lorries, but they never last more than a few minutes and can be avoided by detours if you like.  It begins in rather dowdy landscape running through some proudly workaday farming communities but you are soon rewarded by open fenland views and some charming churches.
Justin

Start at Brandon.
All the usual shops and a railway station.  Park in the station car park.  Exit left and take the first right to Weeting.  An easy first section. Find St Mary’s down a small ‘made up’ road, standing by Weeting Castle.
St Mary's, Weeting
Return the way you came and take the road to Hockwold cum Wilton.  One slight hill but a ride through a deeply rural landscape.
St James, Wilton
A short ride through a long straggly village.  Village shop on the way.
St Peter Hockwold
Long straight cycle through the edges of the fens.  Past RAF Feltwell.  Small shop opposite the Church.  Don’t miss St Nicholas as well.
St Nicholas, Feltwell
St Mary, Feltwell
Two long straight roads.  Not the most attractive cycling but a good stretch.
St George's, Methwold
A lovely section back into Breckland.  Northwold a beautiful village with a nice pub – The Crown.
St Andrew's, Northwold
Tricky section down the A134.  Lots of traffic – but once you reach the big K Factory on the brow of the hill it is downhill from there.  You can divert to a side road about 300 yards out of Northwold and then follow a B road but this does add distance. There is a small corner shop in Stoke Ferry.
All Saints', Stoke Ferry
A beautiful short flat cycle through easy country.
All Saints', Wretton
The journey to Boughton can avoid the A134 by following Field Lane, Lynn Road, Little Lane and Boughton Road which has a cut through for cyclists before crossing the main road.  Uphill into Boughton.  
All Saints, Boughton
Lovely run downhill to Wereham.  Nice pub, the George and Dragon in the village centre.
St Margaret, Wereham
Another short section on the A 134 before dropping down to St Andrew.  There is a loo in St Andrew which is useful.
St Andrew, West Dereham
Long ride to Hilgay.  Very beautiful fenland landscape.  Very short section over the river on the A10 to Hilgay Village.  Useful butchers shop which doubles as a village shop and a pub.
All Saints, Hilgay
A short run back up the A10 before a right turn into Fordham.
St Mary's Fordham
Best to go to Denver Church, a short hop up the A10.  There is a Pub The Bell, opposite.  
St Mary's Denver
Cycle to Ryston down the Ryston Road ignoring the ‘dead end’ sign.  There is a (slightly over-grown) cut-through for cyclists and then straight across the A10.
St Michael's, Ryston
From here there is a back route into Downham Market but if you need to ‘fill up’ at end of the stage then Arbuckles on the main road beyond the round-about is recommended.  Huge filling portions.
St Edmund's, Downham Market
The usual shops and a station.